Oh
[Music]
they are the world's greatest
mercenaries the only life they've ever
known this war the only loyalty they've
ever had is to each other but the four
on the Left why don't you take you two
on the right to live the rest not that
fast anymore oh here we go
everything faster light exactly
well I got three pieces of work to a
walk in the park one the hell and back
of salt without working for the agency
you're gonna recon this island first
one thing you need to notice that jobs
real in the money's real give this job
to my friend he loves playing in the
jungle right right it's his problem was
at that concert
follow me please people who fight bank
are killed
no I have a dying place maybe you can
help I don't think so oh yeah I'd leave
control this picture everything we don't
have the manpower the firepower they'd
be dead in the water
great they got a small army what do we
got four and a half minutes that's so
funny
you know it's not easy being your friend
we will kill this American disease I
promise myself on that force of the
couch people live for terrible times but
you must believe you can survive 10
seconds you won't believe what's gonna
happen
[Music]
what happen to you my ass [ __ ]
are you crazy I could kill me you're
welcome
[Music]